Now you know how to create a Spring Boot with the controller.
Let's take a look at how to use a static resource for Spring Boot.
Now I start my Spring Boot application.
If I go to my page,
I will only see this because I don't have a HTML page for that.
Let's first stop our application and go to
resource folder and you'll see I already have a image over here.
Let's create a HTML inside of the resource folder.
Let's call it index and let's put that under the static folder.
Let's put the contents over here.
So I'm using a Hello World and referencing the Udacity image. Let's run this.
Now the application is running.
Let's take a quick look at the homepage again.
Now you see we have the text and we have the image.
So if you go back to the folder structure,
where you put the HTML and where you put
the static resource for your Spring Boot application.
Now you know how to use the static resource in Spring Boot.
In next video, let's create
a file upload application with all the knowledges we have acquired during this course.